== Mobile Surf Reports

 This is a web app that serves WMS pages for the cheaper cell phones. I use it myself frequently
 at times to check the surf conditions before heading up to the beach with the longboard for the weekend or whatnot.

  Originally I designed the site thinking that other people might want to use it. I had a link to
 my site from the NE England Surf website at one time, but the site did not get much or hardly any traffic.
 I have used it quite a bit from my cell phone and there is not much else out there on the web
 of similar nature to get buoy data on the cheaper cell phones. I never felt motivated to get
 an IPhone or similar due to the expensive monthly fees.

 The original code was written in the 2007-2008 timeframe. I may need to rewrite some of it for better code
 practices that I have adopted since then. At this point I am trying to just get the buoy data into the migrations
 and working on heroku as I am moving it off of hostingrails.com.

 The area field of the stations was used to get a rough idea where the buoy is located since there may be no
 other way to tell. I used that field to organize the buoys between east and west coasts, but it may seem a
 little strange otherwise.

 This app does not use the other buoy_report plugin that I wrote as an exercise some time more recently.
 Instead there is a many to many relationship between the stations and profiles.

 There is a wave_model plugin included that gets future predictive info on the buoys from other sites. The
 output for this on the site may seem cryptic, but it makes sense to me, and as I said I use this site and
 others have not to my knowledge so I have not wokred hard at improving it. I have used this feature a few times
 while walking down the beach in Maine with my cell phone, not near a wifi connection or not wanting to bother
 just to figure out the surf forcast and just wondering if the surf may pickup in the next day or so.

 Most of the reports have time stamps listed, but sometimes you may need to do a page refresh from your phone
 to be safe.


 The older site with more complete buoy data is http://bostownrock.com/surf
 That site may go down soon. The newer site is http://mobile-surf.heroku.com




